What did Mr. Lin say?
Gu Chunxiong is Mr. Ji and the others invited to discuss business
Young man!
To guard against arrogance and impatience
In such a hurry
How do you think you can live in society?
Get out of the way please hum
Wait, Bruce Lee
If you get in trouble again
Don't blame me for being rude.
Since it was invited by the Succession Society
Of course you can go in
But in order for the venue not to be succeeded
Be careful, each of you has to be searched
Then hurry up
Once the contact is discovered by them
The guards didn't have time to hold people
Look around and it's all over
Boss no
Brother Long is no problem
Who said it's okay?
Have you checked his one compensation?
Don't move the fuck
This is the amulet my mom gave me
Who the hell do I care?
If you don't want to check, you won't be allowed in. Then try moving it.